TELCODOCS-2045 - Telco core RDS 4.18 docs (#88622)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/telco-core-monitoring.adoc

* No reference design updates in this release

Description::
The Cluster Monitoring Operator (CMO) is included by default in {product-title} and provides monitoring (metrics, dashboards, and alerting) for the platform components and optionally user projects.
You can customize the default log retention period, custom alert rules, and so on.
The default handling of pod CPU and memory metrics, based on upstream Kubernetes and cAdvisor, makes a tradeoff favoring stale data over metric accuracy.
This leads to spikes in reporting, which can create false alerts, depending on the user-specified thresholds.

> OpenShift supports an opt-in Dedicated Service Monitor feature that  creates an additional set of pod CPU and memory metrics which do not suffer from this behavior.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
OpenShift supports an opt-in Dedicated Service Monitor feature that  creates an additional set of pod CPU and memory metrics that do not suffer from this behavior.
```

> For more information, see link:https://access.redhat.com/solutions/7012719[Dedicated Service Monitors - Questions and Answers].

Reviewer: We are not supposed to link to solutions docs that are not Verified. Can't find anything to support that claim, though.

> For more information, see link:https://access.redhat.com/solutions/7012719[Dedicated Service Monitors - Questions and Answers (Red Hat Knowledgebase)].

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For more information, see the link:https://access.redhat.com/solutions/7012719[Dedicated Service Monitors - Questions and Answers (Red Hat Knowledgebase)].
```

Reviewer 3: Keeping this as is to conform with our style guide.

> In addition to the default configuration, the following metrics are expected to be configured for telco core clusters:

Reviewer 4: Content quits lining up here on the portal.

* Pod CPU and memory metrics and alerts for user workloads

Limits and requirements::

> * You must enable the Dedicated Service Monitor feature for accurate representation of pod metrics.

Reviewer 2: I'm not sure about the "must" usage; maybe "have to" will work better in this case.

Reviewer 2: maybe to rephrase it to be clearer?
```suggestion
* You must enable the Dedicated Service Monitor feature to represent pod metrics accurately.
```

Engineering considerations::
* The Prometheus retention period is specified by the user.
The value used is a tradeoff between operational requirements for maintaining historical data on the cluster against CPU and storage resources.

> Longer retention periods increase the need for storage and require additional CPU to manage the indexing of data.

Reviewer 2: maybe to rephrase?
```suggestion
Longer retention periods increase the need for storage and require additional CPU to manage data indexing.
```
